AlphaLensAI Community Contribution License (ACCL) — 2025

Copyright (c) 2025 lorenschwartz

Preamble

This license is intended to keep AlphaLensAI open and useful while ensuring
that organizations deriving commercial benefit contribute improvements back to
the project. This is a custom license. This text is for convenience and is
not legal advice — consult legal counsel to ensure the license meets your
requirements and is enforceable in your jurisdiction.

Grant of Rights

1. Subject to the terms below, the licensor grants you a worldwide, royalty-
free, non-exclusive, perpetual license to use, copy, modify, and distribute
the Software for personal, academic, research, internal business, or
commercial purposes.

Contribution Requirement for Commercial Use

2. "Commercial Use" means: use of the Software by an entity (including its
affiliates) primarily for the purpose of commercial advantage, direct or
indirect revenue generation, or incorporation into a product or service
offered to third parties.

3. If you engage in Commercial Use, you must contribute back a meaningful
improvement to the Software within 180 days of the first Commercial Use.
Meaningful improvement means changes that fix bugs, add features, improve
performance, or otherwise materially benefit the Software. Contributions must
be submitted as a pull request (or equivalent) to the project's primary
repository and must be licensed under the same ACCL license.

4. If you cannot make a contribution within 180 days, you must contact the
maintainers to arrange an alternative contribution plan or obtain a separate
commercial license. Failure to comply with this contribution requirement
terminates the rights granted by this license for the non-complying party.

Attribution and Notices

5. All copies or substantial portions of the Software must retain the above
copyright notice, this license text, and attribution to the original
project (AlphaLensAI) in a reasonably prominent location in any distributed
artifact or documentation.

Patent and Contributor Grant

6. Each Contributor grants a patent license under any patent claims that are
necessarily infringed by their Contribution, to the extent necessary for
others to use the Contribution under this license.

Warranty and Liability

7. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE
OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Enforcement and Interpretation

8. If you have questions about compliance or wish to obtain a commercial
license alternative, contact the project maintainers via the repository's
contact methods.

9. This license may be amended by the project maintainers; changes will be
posted in the repository. Contributions made under prior versions remain
covered by the license in effect at the time of contribution.

By using the Software, you accept the terms of this license.
